.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 bill <bill@h2o.ai>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH H2osteam SECTION "January 11 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
steam \- H2O cluster management and predictive service deployment platform
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B steam
.RI [ options ] <command>
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B steam
service.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBsteam\fP manages secure cluster launch for H2O clusters, simple modele
management, and a variety of service deployment options.  For complete
documentation see the H2O documentation.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the H2O documentation.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.\" .BR bar (1),
.\" .BR baz (1).
